---
layout: post
title: "Monday 03.12.18 -  CrossFit"
teaser: "A.  2 Rounds For Time of Double-Unders, Overhead Squats, Muscle-Ups, and more<br/> B. Alternating Sets: Side Plank with Powell Raise, Hollow Body Hold, Assault Bike"
date: 2018-03-12 00:00:00
categories: wodup
tags: wods monday
header: no
---


<h3>A.  2 Rounds For Time of Double-Unders, Overhead Squats, Muscle-Ups, and more</h3>
2 Rounds for Time:<br/>– 100 Double-Unders<br/>– 20 Overhead Squats @ 115/80 lbs<br/>– 100 Double-Unders<br/>– 12 Muscle-Ups<br/>– 100 Double-Unders<br/>– 20 Alternating One-Arm Dumbbell Snatches @ 50/35 lbs<br/>– 100 Double-Unders<br/>– 12 Bar Muscle-Ups<br/>Time Cap: 14 minutes<br/>

Notes<br/>
This workout begins with the barbell and dumbbell on the floor, and the athlete standing tall with a jump rope in hand. After the call of "3, 2, 1 … go," the athlete will have 14 minutes to complete 2 rounds of 100 double-unders, 20 overhead squats, 100 double-unders, 12 ring muscle-ups, 100 double-unders, 20 dumbbell snatches, 100 double-unders and 12 bar muscle-ups.

This workout is over when the athlete completes all the required work prior to 14 minutes or the 14-minute time cap expires. The athlete's score is the time it takes to complete the workout or the number of repetitions completed up to the cutoff time.

Tiebreak<br/>
This workout includes a tiebreak. If all 928 reps are completed prior to the 14-minute time cap, your score will be your total time, and there will be no tiebreaker. However, if you are not able to complete the entire workout in the allotted time, a tiebreaker will be factored into your final score. During the workout, be sure to note your time at the end of every set of 100 double-unders. When you submit your score, there will be a space for your final rep count and an additional field for you to enter the elapsed time at which you completed your last full set of double-unders. In the case where two athletes have the same score (total number of reps), the athlete with the lower tiebreak time will be ranked higher.

Note: All tiebreak times must be reported in elapsed time, not in time remaining. If you are using a countdown timer, you must convert to elapsed time before reporting your score. For this reason, it is recommended you set your clock to count up.

* The official weight is in pounds. For your convenience, the minimum acceptable weights in kilograms for the barbell are 15 kg (35 lb.), 20 kg (45 lb.), 25 kg (55 lb.), 34 kg (75 lb.), 36 kg (80 lb.) and 52 kg (115 lb.). For the dumbbell, the minimum acceptable weights in kilograms are 22.5 kg (50 lb.), 15 kg (35 lb.), 10 kg (20 lb.) and 5 kg (10 lb.).


<h3>B. Alternating Sets: Side Plank with Powell Raise, Hollow Body Hold, Assault Bike</h3>
4 sets, for quality,  of:<br/>B1. 8 Side Plank with Powell RaisesAim for 10% of your current bench press or push press, whichever is heavier.B2. Hollow Body Hold for 30-45 secondsB3. Assault Bike for 1 minuteLight to moderate bike.
<a href="https://www.wodup.com/gyms/asphodel/wods/4778" target="blank">View on WodUp</a>


#### Compare to other Mondays
{: .t60 }

{% include list-posts tag='monday' %}