---
layout: post
title: "Monday 03.04.19 -  CrossFit"
teaser: "A.  20 minute AMRAP of Toes to Bars, Double-Unders, and Squat Cleans<br/> B.  Front Leaning Rest 1 x 180 Seconds"
date: 2019-03-04 00:00:00
categories: wodup
tags: wods monday
header: no
---


<h3>A.  20 minute AMRAP of Toes to Bars, Double-Unders, and Squat Cleans</h3>
As Many Reps as possible in 20 minutes:<br/>– 25 Toes to Bars<br/>– 50 Double-Unders<br/>– 15 Squat Cleans @ 135/85 lbs<br/>– 25 Toes to Bars<br/>– 50 Double-Unders<br/>– 13 Squat Cleans @ 185/115 lbs<br/>– 25 Toes to Bars<br/>– 50 Double-Unders<br/>– 11 Squat Cleans @ 225/145 lbs<br/>– 25 Toes to Bars<br/>– 50 Double-Unders<br/>– 9 Squat Cleans @ 275/175 lbs<br/>– 25 Toes to Bars<br/>– 50 Double-Unders<br/>– 7 Squat Cleans @ 315/205 lbs<br/>

19.2: Start with a 8 min time cap, and after the second round of Squat Cleans, add 4 minutes to your time cap every time you finish the Squat Cleans. Stop at 20 mins.

16.2: Start with a 4 min time cap, every time you finish the Squat Cleans add 4 minutes to your time cap. Stop at 20 mins.

NOTES

This workout begins with the athlete standing under the pull-up bar. After the call of “3, 2, 1 … go,” the athlete will have 8 minutes to perform 25 toes-to-bars, followed by 50 double-unders and 15 squat cleans, then perform 25 toes-to-bars, 50 double-unders and 13 squat cleans, this time at a heavier weight. If the athlete does not complete all 178 repetitions within 8 minutes, their workout is over. The athlete will stop and record their score.

If all 178 repetitions are completed within the 8-minute window, the athlete will earn an additional 4 minutes to perform another 25 toes-to-bars, 50 double-unders and 11 squat cleans, again at a heavier weight. If all 264 repetitions (90 from round 1, plus 88 from round 2, plus 86 from round 3) are completed by the 12-minute mark, the athlete will begin another round and the time cap will be extended by an additional 4 minutes. Each round, the weight of the clean will increase while the reps of the clean decrease. Once a round is completed, the athlete may immediately begin the next round. The athlete does not need to wait for the 4-minute round to end before moving on to the next round. This pattern of earning additional time will continue for up to 20 minutes, as long as a full round is completed before the next cutoff.

This workout is over when the athlete fails to complete all the repetitions within the cutoff time for that round. The final round ends at the 20-minute mark. The athlete’s score is the number of repetitions completed up to their cutoff time.

In this workout, another person may assist the athlete in changing the plates on the barbell during the workout, or multiple barbells may be used. Collars must be placed on the outside of all the plates on any bar used during the workout.

EQUIPMENT 

Pull-up bar<br/>
Jump rope<br/>
Barbell<br/>
Collars<br/>
Plates to load to the appropriate weight for your division*

*The official weight is in pounds. For your convenience, the minimum acceptable weights in kilograms are 20 kg (45 lb.), 25 kg (55 lb.), 29 kg (65 lb.), 34 kg (75 lb.), 38 kg (85 lb.), 43 kg (95 lb.), 47 kg (105 lb.), 52 kg (115 lb.), 56 kg (125 lb.), 61 kg (135 lb.), 65 kg (145 lb.), 70 kg (155 lb.), 79 kg (175 lb.), 83 kg (185 lb.), 93 kg (205 lb.), 102 kg (225 lb.), 124 kg (275 lb.) and 142 kg (315 lb.).

TIEBREAK

The scoring for this workout includes a tiebreak. At the end of each set of double-unders, time should be marked. When you submit your final result, your score will be the number of reps completed. There will be another field where you will enter the elapsed time at which you completed your last set of double-unders. In the case where two athletes have the same score (total number of reps), the athlete with the lower tiebreak will be ranked higher.

If all 5 rounds are completed in under 20 minutes, your score is the total time it takes you to complete the workout.

Note: All tiebreak times must be reported in elapsed time, not in time remaining. Do not use a countdown timer.

VIDEO SUBMISSION STANDARDS

All video submissions should be uncut and unedited in order to accurately display the performance. Prior to starting, film the pull-up bar, plates and barbell to be used so the loads can be seen clearly. Your judge and a clock or timer with the running workout time should be clearly visible throughout the entire workout. Shoot the video from an angle so all movements can be clearly seen meeting the movement standards. Videos shot with a fisheye lens or similar lens may be rejected due to the visual distortion these lenses cause.


<h3>B.  Front Leaning Rest 1 x 180 Seconds</h3>
Front Leaning Rest for 3 minutes<br/><br/>For every break = Ski 15/12 calories
<a href="https://www.wodup.com/gyms/asphodel/wods/13711" target="blank">View on WodUp</a>


#### Compare to other Mondays
{: .t60 }

{% include list-posts tag='monday' entries='5' %}