---
layout: post
title: "Monday 03.18.19 -  CrossFit"
teaser: "A.  For Time: Snatches, Bar Facing Burpees, and Bar Muscle-Ups<br/> B. Alternating Sets: Y Raise, T Raise, Weight Plate Cuban Rotation, Hollow Body Hold"
date: 2019-03-18 00:00:00
categories: wodup
tags: wods monday
header: no
---


<h3>A.  For Time: Snatches, Bar Facing Burpees, and Bar Muscle-Ups</h3>
For Time:<br/>– 10 Snatches @ 95/65 lbs<br/>– 12 Bar Facing Burpees<br/>– 10 Snatches @ 95/65 lbs<br/>– 12 Bar Facing Burpees<br/>– 10 Snatches @ 95/65 lbs<br/>– 12 Bar Facing Burpees<br/>– Rest for 3 minutes<br/>– 10 Bar Muscle-Ups<br/>– 12 Bar Facing Burpees<br/>– 10 Bar Muscle-Ups<br/>– 12 Bar Facing Burpees<br/>– 10 Bar Muscle-Ups<br/>– 12 Bar Facing Burpees<br/>Time Cap: 12 minutes<br/>

NOTES

Prior to starting this workout, the athlete will need to set up a barbell, with standard plates, to jump over during the burpees. This workout begins with the barbell on the floor and the athlete standing tall. After the call of “3, 2, 1 … go,” the athlete may perform 10 snatches and 12 bar-facing burpees for 3 rounds. Upon completion of the first couplet, the athlete MUST rest 3 minutes while the clock continues to run. The athlete then may continue to the second portion of the workout: 3 rounds of 10 bar muscle-ups and 12 bar-facing burpees.  

The athlete’s score will be the total time it takes to complete the entire workout or the total number of repetitions completed before the 12-minute time cap.

If the athlete doesn't complete the first couplet until after the 9-minute mark, their workout is over. In this case, the athlete’s score will be 66 reps (with a tiebreak time).

EQUIPMENT

– Barbell<br/>
– Standard bumper plates (18-in. diameter) to load to the appropriate weight for your division*<br/>
– Collars<br/>
– Pull-up bar

*The official weight is in pounds. For your convenience, the minimum acceptable weights in kilograms are 43 kg (95 lb.), 29 kg (65 lb.), 20 kg (45 lb.) and 15 kg (35 lb.).

For each workout, be sure the athlete has adequate space to safely complete all the movements. Clear the area of all extra equipment, people or other obstructions.

Any athlete who in any way alters the equipment or movements described in this document or shown in the workout standards video may be disqualified from the competition.

TIEBREAK

This workout includes a tiebreak. If all 132 reps are completed prior to the 12-minute time cap, your score will be your total time, and there will be no tiebreaker. However, if you are not able to complete the entire workout in the allotted time, a tiebreaker will be factored into your final score. During the workout, be sure to note your time at the end of the final burpee in the first couplet. When you submit your score, there will be a space for your final rep count and an additional field for you to enter the elapsed time at which you completed your last full set of bar-facing burpees in the first half of the workout. In the case where two athletes have the same score (total number of reps), the athlete with the lower tiebreak time will be ranked higher.

Note: All tiebreak times must be reported in elapsed time, not in time remaining. Do not use a countdown timer.

VIDEO SUBMISSION STANDARDS

Prior to starting, film the pull-up bar, plates and barbell to be used so the loads can be seen clearly. All video submissions should be uncut and unedited in order to accurately display the performance. Your judge and a clock or timer with the running workout time should be clearly visible throughout the entire workout. Shoot the video from an angle so all exercises can be clearly seen meeting the movement standards. Videos shot with a fisheye lens or similar lens may be rejected due to the visual distortion these lenses cause.


<h3>B. Alternating Sets: Y Raise, T Raise, Weight Plate Cuban Rotation, Hollow Body Hold</h3>
3 sets, for quality,  of:<br/>B1. 10 Y RaisesB2. 10 T RaisesB3. 10 Weight Plate Cuban RotationsB4. Hollow Body Hold for 30-60 seconds
<a href="https://www.wodup.com/gyms/asphodel/wods/14310" target="blank">View on WodUp</a>


#### Compare to other Mondays
{: .t60 }

{% include list-posts tag='monday' entries='5' %}